Copyright (c) 2017 Grant Rostig. All rights reserved. Use by written permission only, evidenced with blue ink on paper or a verifyable (pgp) email interaction with Grant Rostig.
Permission is granted to use these files during and in support of CppMSG meetup group events and projects.

+++ used gnuplot:
/* A C++ interface to gnuplot.
 * Web page: http://www.stahlke.org/dan/gnuplot-iostream
 * Documentation: https://github.com/dstahlke/gnuplot-iostream/wiki
 *
 * The whole library consists of this monolithic header file, for ease of installation (the
 * Makefile and *.cc files are only for examples and tests).
 *
 * TODO:
 * 	What version of boost is currently required?
 * 	Callbacks via gnuplot's 'bind' function.  This would allow triggering user functions when
 * 	keys are pressed in the gnuplot window.  However, it would require a PTY reader thread.
 * 	Maybe temporary files read in a thread can replace PTY stuff.
 */

+++ used various boost libaries:
Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by
this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute,
execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the
Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to
do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including
the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer,
must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and
all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative
works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by
a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
